Will Fritz
11/8/16

From the programming side, a new class (Lifeboard) was created so that Conway's Game of life could be efficiently implemented. The class had two private attributes. These were two two by two arrays. One was named board, and was a 2d array of char's. The other was a 2d array of integers named count. The method addCount() was used to populate the 2d count array. Essentially this method went through every point in the grid and checked if it had surrounding elements that were alive. For example, if the point (1,2) had 4 alive cels arround it count[1][2] = 4. The 2d array named board kept track of which cells were alive, designated by the char 'X'. Other common methods were included in the class such as kill (changed 'X' to ' '), revive (changed cell to 'X'), print (displayed the entire board array), and advance (utilized addCount and board to make a new board that was the result after the rules for Conway's Game of Life were applied). The main driver file allowed the user to either run the program with or without a file. Each of these had their own function within life.cpp (main driver file). 

From the user perspective, a 40 by 40 board was displayed. If the program was ran without a file, the interactive function ran which allowed the user to choose certain options. If they typed 'a', they could make a cell come alive on the board (displayed with an 'X' at corresponding coordinate). If they selected 'r', they could enter the coordinates to remove a cell that is alive. 'n' advanced the simulation thus applying the rules for Conway's Game of Life. 'p' advanced the simulation continuously. Finally, 'q' quit the program. If the program was ran with a file, it would run continously starting with whatever coordinates the file contained.

5 unique scenes were also created to demonstrate the rules of the game. The first displayed 4 still objects. The second displayed 4 oscilating objects. The third displayed 4 moving objects that traveled in different directions. The fourth displayed something that starts off witha  lot of movement, then after awhile, settles into either still or oscilating objects. The final scene is something that I found online. It is the smallest starting file for coordinates that cause the game to run indefinitely.

The program will not work with files that do not contain appropriate commands and coordinates. 
